[RFC] Fix base url issue where the wrong origin is used (#353)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse-ci: docs/server.md

If you'd like to run LHCI on your own infrastructure, you'll need a package.json to install the dependencies via npm. See the [Heroku](./recipes/heroku-server/README.md) and [docker](./recipes/docker-server/README.md) recipes for more examples on how to deploy the LHCI server.

> :warning: Things will be much easier if you let LHCI own the entire origin of your domain, however, if you can't do that and have to operate over a proxy [read this example of how to configure a proxy in our recipes](./recipes/lhci-server-vpn-proxy/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** LHCI really needs to own the entire origin to work as expected. However, if you can't do that and have to operate over a proxy, you can follow the [example of how to configure LHCI on a subpath](./recipes/lhci-server-vpn-proxy/README.md).
```

I know I wrote that originally but feels a bit odd as a warning at this point, more like a note :)
